fix(Storage): iOS storage operations cancel/pause/resume (#3290)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/storage/fragments/ios/download.md

</amplify-block-switcher>

## Cancel, Pause, Resume

> After you call `downloadData` or `downloadFile` as above, your containing class retains a reference to the operation that is actually performing the download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calls to `downloadData` or `downloadFile` return a reference to the operation that is actually performing the download.
```

Reviewer: Take this suggestion with a grain of salt, but it's up to the calling class whether to retain the reference, so it may be simpler just to say that the reference is returned.

> To cancel the download (for example, in response to the user pressing a **Cancel** button), you simply call `cancel()` on the upload operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To cancel the download (for example, in response to the user pressing a **Cancel** button), you simply call `cancel()` on the download operation.
```

```swift
func cancelDownload() {
    storageOperation.cancel()
}
```

> You can also pause then resume the operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also pause and then resume the operation.
```
